NMS-12808: Document the function hiding Meta-Data password values (#5897)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/meta-data.adoc

. In the *Scope* list, select either *Node* or *Interface*.
. Specify the key and a value, and click *Save*.

[[ga-metadata-passwords]]
== Hidden passwords in metadata

> Metadata's values of key names that includes a substring match of `password`, `Password`, `secret` or `Secret` will be hidden by default for non administrator users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata values for key names that include a substring match of `password`, `Password`, `secret`, or `Secret` will be hidden by default for non-administrator users.
```
is it the key names or the values that include the substrings?

Author: @Bonrob2 The key names.
